[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and welcome to the season 3 episode 1
recap of killing Eve there's a lot to
cover so let's jump right into it and as
always there will be spoilers so proceed
with caution episode 1 starts with a
flashback to Russia in 1974 we watch as
a young woman named Dasha is training on
the parallel bars under the watchful
eyes of both her coach and a handsome
young gymnast the young man's presence
distracts Dasha and she makes a mistake
after being yelled at by her coach she
retreats to the locker room where the
sweet young gymnast brings her flowers
and Dasha beats him to death we are then
transported to a present-day wedding
reception or the gorgeous bride and it's
high in woman named Maria who is giving
a toast to her new spouse villanelle
[Music]
villanelle gives her own toast and owed
to all these superficial reasons she's
marrying Maria and even manages to throw
in a jab about Eve saying when I think
about my ex today I realize I'm so much
happier now she's dead a bit later
villanelle spies a mysterious older
woman lurking in a doorway and in true
villanelle style she takes a running
leap at the woman and tries to choke the
life out of her
the entire wedding party devolves into
chaos and not long after we watch as a
gorgeous vintage car with a just married
sign on the back drives away with
villanelle and the mysterious woman
inside meanwhile a check-in at mi6 shows
a former top dog Carolyn taking her
lumps like a good girl
it seems 95% of everything Carolyn did
last season was completely unauthorized
so as punishment mi6 has given her a new
set of training wheels in the form of
supervisor Paul Brad well who has taken
Carolyn's seniority along with her
office we're briefly introduced to new
mi6 agent Moe Jafari which means he'll
probably be killed or seriously injured
sometime during the season finally we
get our first glimpse of eve three
months after her fateful last meeting
with villanelle we watch as she
purchases a ton of ramen while
still experiencing discomfort from her
gunshot wounds the downtrodden Eve
spends her days working in the kitchen
of a Korean restaurant and her evenings
watching mindless infomercials while
drinking wine by the bottle
the mystery wedding crasher brings
villanelle back to her flat where we
find out she's none other than ex
gymnast Dasha villanelles a former
trainer with the 12 the 12 want
villanelle back and Dasha tries to
entice her with money but villanelle
wants something else to become a keeper
which if you'll recall we have no idea
what a keeper actually is or does it's
clear Dasha thinks the idea is
ridiculous but agrees to pass on the
message the two old friends and then
partake in a good old-fashioned choke
fest which I assume for professional
assassins is the equivalent of a hug
next we catch up with Kenny as he
arrives to work at the bitter pill an
online investigative journal
it seems Kenny has ditched mi6 but
continues to snoop into the 12 a morally
bereft organization with a track record
of murdering people who get in their way
a quick check in with Constantine shows
him ignoring calls from his annoying
daughter Irina while simultaneously
buying her souvenirs from a gift shop in
London later while relaxing and shirking
all responsibilities Constantin receives
a food delivery with a message written
on the menu that reads time to go
fishing
meanwhile a wine drunk Eve sends Kenny a
strange yet hilarious text message and
like a completely normal person
Kenny shows up to her flat lets himself
in then stares at her until she wakes up
screaming the two former colleagues and
almost friends catch up Kenny tries to
tell Eve about new information he's
discovered about the 12 but she shuts
him down saying I'm not going down that
road again it almost killed me
Kenny then invites Eve out for drinks
with his colleagues from the bitter pill
because she seems sad but Eve turns him
down and insists that maybe she doesn't
want to be happy
Dasha has relayed villanelles request to
the twelve and has some good news the
twelve are open to villanelle becoming a
keeper but first she must get back into
their good
and prove herself worthy just as a
delivery woman villanelle easily
dispatches of the agitator and
practically skips away Carolyn and Kenny
are moving house for some unknown reason
and Kenny no longer under the thumb of
mi6 has grown a bit of a backbone and
lets his mother know he's his own man
now hey I'm a grown-ass man Carolyn
refuses to apologize for being a
terrible boss and an even worse mother
and last but not least we finally
discover what happened to Nico after
villanelle left him with Gemma's corpse
in his storage unit Nico is currently
living in some sort of sanatorium and
his hair is messy which i suppose is a
sign his mental health has declined Eve
gives him some papers to sign
relating to the sale of their house and
reassures him they'll get through this
together
Nico then goes off on her about her
selfishness which is honestly nothing
new and frankly a little annoying Eve is
back in the kitchen but her unresolved
feelings about villanelle surface as she
listens to a co-worker talk about a girl
he's in love with who very obviously
doesn't love him back Eve realizes she
does need someone to talk to and calls
Kenny to take him up on that drink offer
Kenny is putting in a little overtime at
the bitter pill and digging even deeper
into the 12 when he hears a noise Eve
arrives at the bitter pill but there's
no sign of Kenny out the corner of her
eye she sees something fall off the roof
she rushes outside to find poor Kenny
dead on the pavement and that is it for
the recap tell me what did you guys
think of the first episode were you
shocked by Kenny's death or did you
expect something crazy to start the
season off with a bang thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you next week